How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	it was eay to see differance between two files by using diff

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	time saving

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

  we will know that we are doing changes to the file in git, but in google docs we dont know if we do changing not knowingly

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    git sees the entire project as one file, where as google docs sees each sigle file seperatly.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log --for knowing the versions
    Git diff file1 file2

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

	we can revert back changes any time

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	commit my projects to git

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	I know after changing any number of times I can see my old blog, if i want

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	pros: when ever we want we can do the commit and we know the changes for that perticular commit
	cons: if we are doing so many chages before commit, if we need to undo some changes we need to do it till the previous version.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	in Git the files will be as the project, where as in google file is only single file

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log- is for knowing the versions and the commit done
	git diff is to know the differance between two commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	if we break the code also we can revert back changes easily. so no wprries of breaking the code.. we can play with it:)

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	for all my project i do in future i will use git for commiting and keeeping track of versions